scratch1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/scratchset1.txt
scratch2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/scratchset2.txt
scratch3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/scratchset3.txt
scratch4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/scratchset4.txt
python1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset1.txt
python2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset2.txt
python3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset3.txt
python4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset4.txt
python5: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset5.txt
python6: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pythonset6.txt
pygame1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset1.txt
pygame2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset2.txt
pygame3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset3.txt
pygame4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset4.txt
pygame5: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset5.txt
pygame6: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/pygameset6.txt
gpio1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset1.txt
gpio2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset2.txt
gpio3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset3.txt
gpio4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset4.txt
gpio5: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset5.txt
gpio6: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/gpioset6.txt
tkinter1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/tkinterset1.txt
tkinter2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/tkinterset2.txt
tkinter3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/tkinterset3.txt
tkinter4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/tkinterset4.txt
webdev1: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset1.txt
webdev2: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset2.txt
webdev3: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset3.txt
webdev4: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset4.txt
webdev5: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset5.txt
webdev6: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset6.txt
webdev7: /home/pi/ywanishpatil/Tkinter/ywsets/Set_Files/webdevset7.txt